c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\OCRdsk.exe
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\OCRdsk.pdb
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\obj\Debug\OCRdsk.exe
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\obj\Debug\OCRdsk.pdb
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x64\liblept172.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x64\libtesseract304.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x86\liblept172.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract304.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.bigrams
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.fold
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.lm
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.nn
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.params
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.size
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.word-freq
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.tesseract_cube.nn
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.traineddata
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.bigrams
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.fold
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.lm
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.nn
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.params
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.size
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.cube.word-freq
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa.traineddata
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\tessdata\spa_old.traineddata
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x64\cvextern.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x64\opencv_ffmpeg310_64.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x86\cvextern.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\x86\opencv_ffmpeg310.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\obj\Debug\OCRdsk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\carami\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\OCRdsk\OCRdsk\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
